Remove the old message PublicKey proto oneof (#7390)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/adr-020-protobuf-transaction-encoding.md

### Public Key Encoding

> Public keys in the Cosmos SDK implement Tendermint's `crypto.PubKey` interface.

Reviewer: We could actually keep this sentence:

> so a natural solution might be to use `Any` as we are doing for other interfaces

Or even:

> so the proposed solution is to use `Any` as we are doing for other interfaces

Author: you mean we could add another sentence to say that we use `Any` as pubkey field in `BaseAccount`, etc.?

Reviewer: yeah, exactly.

Before, we had: "we might use Any, but finally went for oneof". Now, we could just say: "We use Any".

Following public keys are implemented: secp256k1, ed25519 and multisignature, which
correspond to individual protobuf types.

Ex:

```proto
message PubKey {
    bytes key = 1;
}
```

`multisig.LegacyAminoPubKey` has a slice of `Any`'s member to support any

> protobuf public key type.

Reviewer 2: Could you reward it? `slice` can be confused here. How about:

> `multisig.LegacyAminoPubKey` contains an array `Any` to support any
protobuf public key type.

### Public Key Encoding

Public keys in the Cosmos SDK implement Tendermint's `crypto.PubKey` interface,

> so the proposed solution is to use `Any` as we are doing for other interfaces (eg in `BaseAccount` `PubKey` or `SignerInfo` `PublicKey`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so the proposed solution is to use `Any` as we are doing for other interfaces (e.g. in `BaseAccount` `PubKey` or `SignerInfo` `PublicKey`).
```
